docs: adds taxonomy-picker.md to document mgt-taxonomy-picker (#20975)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/components/taxonomy-picker.md

---
title: "Taxonomy picker component in the Microsoft Graph Toolkit"
description: "The taxonomy picker is a component that can query the Microsoft Graph API for Taxonomy and render a dropdown control with terms, allowing selection of a single term based on the specified term set id or a combination of the specified term set id and the specified term id"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: anoopt
---

# Taxonomy picker component in the Microsoft Graph Toolkit

> The taxonomy picker is a component that can query the [Microsoft Graph API for Taxonomy](/graph/api/resources/termstore-term?view=graph-rest-1.0) and render a dropdown control with terms, allowing selection of **a single** term based on the specified term set `id` or a combination of the specified term set `id` and the specified term `id`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The taxonomy picker is a component that can query the [Microsoft Graph API for Taxonomy](/graph/api/resources/termstore-term?view=graph-rest-beta) and render a dropdown control with terms, allowing selection of **a single** term based on the specified term set `id` or a combination of the specified term set `id` and the specified term `id`. 

```

The component retrieves the first level terms that are present under a specified term set or term. If only the term set id is provided, it returns the first level terms under that term set. If both the term set id and term id are provided, it returns the first level terms under the specified term.

> **Note**
> This capability currently supports a **single** selection of terms coming from the term store. This will be reviewed in the future.

## Example

The following example shows the use of the `mgt-taxonomy-picker` component to select a term from a term set.

![mgt-taxonomy-picker-termset](./images/mgt-taxonomy-picker-termset.png)

The following example shows the use of the `mgt-taxonomy-picker` component to select a child term of a term in a term set.

![mgt-taxonomy-picker-term](./images/mgt-taxonomy-picker-term.png)

The following example shows the use of the `mgt-taxonomy-picker` component to select a child term of a term in a term set in a different language.

> ![mgt-taxonomy-picker-locale-term](./images/mgt-taxonomy-picker-locale-term.png)

Reviewer: To avoid going back to docs and edit, I'd use the same approach to iframe mgt.dev here and just showcase the default story.

Reviewer: Just realized the scope issues with the Sandbox... Let's leave it like this for now.
